what's up that so welcome to my first
episode of c22 extension series that
I'll be creating that i will be showing
you two tweaks on tuesdays and two
tweaks on thursdays so the first weeks
i'll be showing you today to get started
off with my series is not going to be
some in-depth week that you have to do a
lot of configuration with the first week
i'll be showing us cos i believe what
this week allows you to do is basically
delete any application that you get from
Cydia that you don't want to go back in
cydia to uninstall just like I you would
delete an app from the App Store you can
delete the app off your home screen
which side the lead all you got to do is
just install the tweak and if you go and
set in as you can see if you have I got
my settings i scroll down to my tweak
section and you see side elite you have
your protected application and it will
give it give you all these deleting this
application will leave you without a
graphical interface installing packages
and it's not recommended all right so
don't delete these that's basically the
same and of course not it's your city
and your Pangu so why would you even
delete those unless you don't want it
your device to be jailbroken so right
here all you gotta do is turn it on and
you go to your you know you go to your
home screen you go to your folder are
your specific at the application that
you want to delete you old it down just
like all you would normally delete up us
app from the App Store you tap on it you
tap on it come on here we go so you tap
on it that's fast forward and that's it
you could just it delete and delete
these applications you can even delete
city if you want but I would not
recommend that see delete cydia will
uninstall cydia you know all of the
dependence I'm right you can delete all
of these application I'm just showing
you all of these to show you that all of
these are apps that you get from Cydia
when you it wants you install these arms
specific like applications so that's
what's cool what arm side delete does it
just gives you an option to delete those
you know apps that you don't want on
your home screen you know so the next
week I'll be showing your skull spring
shot what this week does it does not add
any configurations as I said previously
in the video this week is just basically
give you a
slingshot animation when you dismiss a
specific application so if you double
tap or double press your arm your own
button and you pull down all you got to
do you see it just swipe up that's all
it does is just give you that are that
feeling off a slingshot animation just
pull it down and you just go up in the
air and that's all it does there's not
much to it all you know just a slingshot
an animation there's I wish they could
like add more to this week if they if
they could like at like you know when
you dismiss it it does something like a
barrel you know barrel you have a lot of
like cool swiping arm animation I wish
when you pull it down it will like do
one of those cool animation or flip or
something when you dismiss the tweak but
hopefully in the future once you know I
was a tower by IOC get better and um iOS
9 comes out if you get what I'm saying
like I was ten or in the future they
will like implement that you know cool
feature in the street so I by then I'll
probably do update version of it if they
make our spring shot too so that's it
for today guys so if you like the video
and if you like the series if that I'm
creating please subscribe on please
comment if you have any problem with
your iDevice let me say I create a video
on I use a point to jailbreak so if you
want I used to know a lot or just to get
some information about I us a point to
jailbreak a video will be in the
description and your video links your
pop-up no one two three it should pop up
right now so you can go in and click on
that now put it right here just click on
that link right here and you can just go
to the video if you're a jawbreaker are
if you updated to iOS 8.2 and didn't
know that there was no jailbreak and all
that stuff so that's it for today guys
as I said if you like the video please
subscribe please read leave a comment if
you have any iDevice problem and share
the love p sault ste re